Welcome back.
Let's do a little exercise with just the general information we have about these two traversal techniques.
I have questions here for you.
And underneath it I want you to answer whether you should use breadth first search or depth first search.
And these are the type of questions that you're going to get asked in an interview.
And it's good to understand.
I know that our knowledge is incomplete yet because we haven't coded anything.
But I want to lay the foundation is that when we start coding you understand why we have these things.
So give it a go try and answer these questions and in the next video I'll go over the solutions.
Buh-Bye.